add retry for several APIs missing (#1609)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [7.19.0] - 2024-02-02
> ### Fixed
> - Calls to ... are now retried automatically:
>     * Functions API: `list`, `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`, `activate`
>     * FunctionCalls API: `list`, `retrieve`
>     * FunctionSchedules API: `list`, `retrieve`
>     * ExtractionPipelines API: `retrieve_multiple`
>     * ExtractionPipelineRuns API: `list`
>     * Transformations API: `list`, `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`, `preview`
>     * TransformationJobs API: `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`
>     * TransformationSchedules API: `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`
>     * Geospatial API:  `list_feature_types`, `retrieve_feature_types`, `retrieve_features`, `list_features`,
>       `search_features`, `stream_features`, `aggregate_features`, `get_coordinate_reference_systems`, `get_raster`, `compute`,
>     * UserProfilesAPI: `retrieve`, `search`
>     * DocumentsAPI: `search`, `list`, `__call__`, `aggregate_count`, `aggregate_cardinality_values`, `aggregate_cardinality_properties`,
>       `aggregate_unique_values`, `aggregate_unique_properties`
>     * ThreeDRevisionsAPI: `filter_nodes`

Author: ```suggestion
## [7.19.0] - 2024-02-12
### Fixed
- Calls to ... are now retried automatically:
    * Functions API: `list`, `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`, `activate`
    * FunctionCalls API: `list`, `retrieve`
    * FunctionSchedules API: `list`, `retrieve`
    * ExtractionPipelines API: `retrieve_multiple`
    * ExtractionPipelineRuns API: `list`
    * Transformations API: `list`, `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`, `preview`
    * TransformationJobs API: `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`
    * TransformationSchedules API: `retrieve`, `retrieve_multiple`
    * Geospatial API:  `list_feature_types`, `retrieve_feature_types`, `retrieve_features`, `list_features`,
      `search_features`, `stream_features`, `aggregate_features`, `get_coordinate_reference_systems`, `get_raster`, `compute`,
    * UserProfiles API: `retrieve`, `search`
    * Documents API: `search`, `list`, `__call__`, `aggregate_count`, `aggregate_cardinality_values`, `aggregate_cardinality_properties`,
      `aggregate_unique_values`, `aggregate_unique_properties`
    * ThreeDRevisions API: `filter_nodes`
```
